at least two Israeli settlers have been
injured in a shooting in nablas in the
occupied West Bank they were shot inside
their car near the itamar settlement one
of them is reported to be in a critical
condition and been airlifted to hospital
the Israeli Army has sealed off the area
staying in the territory of Palestinian
man has been killed in an Israeli raid
in a village in Hebron the Israeli Army
has intensified its raids killing at
least 165 Palestinians across the
occupied West Bank since the Hamas
attack on Israel on October 7th Let's
cross to Zas RI who's live for us in
rala in the occupied West Bank Zan so
let's talk first about these multiple
Israeli raids across the West Bank what
have you been hearing
there Nablus ramala heon Bethlehem uh in
areas all over the occupied West Bank
there were raids overnight Janine was a
major flash point dozens of Israeli
military vehicle carrying soldiers
armored bulldozers made their way into
Janine pulling up roads once again and
destroying buildings and infrastructure
another night of fear and Terror for the
residents of Janine there were armed
clashes in the street the Israelis used
uh what people described as an unmanned
drone to carry out a strike luckily no
one was killed in that and Palestinian
Fighters used explosives against Israeli
military positions in heon in the
village of Al tabaka a Palestinian man
who was shot in the back and through the
heart a 29-year-old recently married
died of his wounds and this morning the
Palestinian medical sources tell us that
yet another person who was injured in
clashes in Bethlehem yesterday succumbed
to his wounds and died as well an
elderly man now bringing the total death
toll since the War Began in the occupied
West Bank to 166 and we know now this
morning usually these raids end once the
sun comes up but this morning in ramala
in the alamari refugee camp just a few
minutes from where we are now we've been
hearing explosions and sounds of gunfire
we know that special forces Israeli
Special Forces have entered the alamari
refugee camp they've surrounded the home
of one resident and an operation is
ongoing and by the sounds of it things
are getting violent here in rala as well
and Z what more do we know about this
attack on Israeli settlers in
Nablus yes this attack that took place
last night an armed Palestinian men uh
attacked two settlers in injuring them
severely they have to be airlifted to a
hospital in Tel Aviv one Israeli settler
is said to be in critical condition in
this uh occupied territory the the
village in nablas east of nablas these
Villages were shut down now these are
illegal settlements uh but anytime a
settler is involved in this kind of
attack reprisals from the Israeli forces
are Swift and strong B farik akraba
villages in this area of naos have now
been declared milit AR zones the Israeli
military is controlling any entry and
exit while they carry out a Manhunt for
the suspected Palestinian armed gunmen
who carried out this attack all right
Zan Bazi live for us there in rala Zan
thank you